Feature/update aspnet grpc wcf net 5 (#21984)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/grpc-for-wcf-developers/channel-credentials.md

### Configure certificate validation on Kestrel

> You can configure Kestrel (the ASP.NET Core HTTP server) to require a client certificate, and optionally to carry out some validation of the supplied certificate, before accepting incoming connections. You do this configuration in the `CreateWebHostBuilder` method of the `Program` class, rather than in `Startup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Kestrel (the ASP.NET Core HTTP server) to require a client certificate, and optionally to carry out some validation of the supplied certificate, before accepting incoming connections. You specify this configuration in the `CreateWebHostBuilder` method of the `Program` class, rather than in `Startup`.
```

## Combine ChannelCredentials and CallCredentials

> You can configure your server to use both certificate and token authentication. Do this configuration, by applying the certificate changes to the Kestrel server, and using the JWT bearer middleware in ASP.NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your server to use both certificate and token authentication. To do this, apply the certificate changes to the Kestrel server, and use the JWT bearer middleware in ASP.NET Core.
```
